the truth
I do not already know that I told you that if
why
seven gross euros or which country less than
never and the accounts have not gone down
excuse me to tell you first
impression that suits you very well
crisis I do not know anything or Basque
rules or nothing
is it called from your speech that
the client has memory
no no no, I'm just talking bad
I'm just being honest if I do not
can be honest above you piss off
sons of bitches
I am not a soul like you alone that I carry
here too many years
and you are going to be born again
and why not
I have another option
have left alone and I'm starting to
feel the fear those who are going to be born
soon
trust in god and come back to life
is the greatest to all love that exists
come back for you
you knew is the corpse of an old woman
of 87 years not even where you will know
against your soul whatever your
way then in the middle of a
clothing store or something like that the girl
rotate and the type appears all your
stories go from someone who chases
someone but wait wait let me you
count the turn at least
then he looks at her and says I follow you
After a few seconds she looks at him and
he smiles and says thank you and where do I
you follow on twitter on instagram there is
when the guy's face becomes every
again psychopath and tells him in the
real life
castilla do
I follow you in real life
my uncle is a psychopath who chases the
girl to kill her butcher her
rape her or something
how about
i
Y
son of a bitch the face
Thank you